introduce cache_interval_multiplier parameter (#4261) (#4267)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/parameters.md

| `--kv_cache_precision`                | `string`     | Reduced kv cache precision to `u8` lowers the cache size consumption. Accepted values: `u8`, `u4`, `f16`, `fp32` or empty (default).            |
| `--model_distribution_policy`         | `string`     | TENSOR_PARALLEL distributes tensor to multiple sockets/devices and processes it in parallel. PIPELINE_PARALLEL distributes different tensors to process by each device. Accepted values: `TENSOR_PARALLEL`, `PIPELINE_PARALLEL` or empty (default). |
| `--reasoning_parser`                  | `string`     | Type of parser to use for reasoning content extraction from model output. Currently supported: [qwen3, gptoss, gemma4]                     |
| `--tool_parser`                       | `string`     | Type of parser to use for tool calls extraction from model output. Currently supported: [llama3, phi4, hermes3, mistral, qwen3coder, gptoss, devstral, lfm2, gemma4]            |
| `--enable_tool_guided_generation`     | `bool`       | Enables enforcing tool schema during generation. Requires setting response parser. Default: false.                         |

> | `--cache_interval_multiplier`         | `integer`    | Applicable model models with linear attention and prefix caching enabled. Defines how to allocating one fixed state block per sequence. Default value 8 optimizes memory usage and performance for short prompts. For long prompts over 20k tokens, it is recommended to set value 64 to reduce kv cache usage.  |

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
| `--cache_interval_multiplier`         | `integer`    | Applicable to models with linear attention and prefix caching enabled. Defines how to allocate one fixed state block per sequence. Default value 8 optimizes memory usage and performance for short prompts. For long prompts over 20k tokens, it is recommended to set value 64 to reduce kv cache usage.  |
```

Reviewer: + missing test for new parameter
